.TH NETCFG 8 "AUGUST 2009" "Arch Linux" "Network Scripts"
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1 
.SH NAME
netcfg \- start/stop/control network profiles
.SH SYNOPSIS
netcfg [\fIoptions\fR] \fBprofile\fR

netcfg \fBprofile\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBnetcfg\fP is used to configure and manage network connections via profiles. It has pluggable support for a range of connection types, such as wireless, ethernet. ppp. It is also capable of starting/stopping many to one connections, that is, multiple connections within the same profile, optionally with bonding. 

It may be run at boot, by enabling the \fI/etc/rc.d/net-profiles\fP daemon in \fI/etc/rc.conf\fP \fBDAEMONS\fP line. After boot time, it may be used to start profiles, simply by passing only the profile name.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-c, check-iface \fIprofile\fP
Start the specified profile, only if it's interface is not currently up.
.TP
.B \-d, down \fIprofile\fP
Stop the specified profile
.TP
.B\-r, reconnect \fIprofile\fP
Disconnect and reconnect the specified profile
.TP
.B \-i, iface-down \fBinterface\fP
Stop the profile up on the specified interface.
.TP
.B \-a, all-down 
Stop all connected profiles
.TP
.B      all-suspend
Suspend and store the name of all active profiles.
.TP
.B      all-resume
Reconnect any profiles that have been suspended.
.TP
.B      current
Report currently running profiles
.TP
.B \-l, list
List all available profiles
.TP
.B \-v, --version
Display version information and exit
.TP
.B \-h, --help
Display help message and exit

.SH FILES 
.TP
.I /usr/lib/network/
Currently installed network profile types.
.TP
.I /etc/network.d/examples 
Example configurations for this script
.TP
.I /etc/network.d/hooks
See /usr/share/doc/netcfg/contrib for examples.

.SH BUGS
None, hopefully, but if you do find one of these elusive things, please submit at http://bugs.archlinux.org/ or email one of the authors below.
.SH AUTHOR
James Rayner <james@archlinux.org>

Others listed in AUTHORS file in source.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ethernet (5), 
.BR iwconfig (8),
.BR wireless (5)
